#393: Migrate production code from Scala to Java (#394)
exasol/cloud-storage-etl-udfs: doc/changes/changes_2.9.5.md

> # Cloud Storage Extension 2.9.5, released 2026-??-??

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Cloud Storage Extension 2.9.5, released 2026-05-??
```
I think that much optimism is justified.

Author: 🤖 Updated the release date placeholder to 2026-05-??.

Code name: Migrate from Scala to Java

## Summary

> This release migrates the project from Scala to Java to simplify maintainence and reduce dependencies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release migrates the project from Scala to Java to simplify maintainance and reduce dependencies.

As part of this endeavor, we updated the `parque-io-java` dependency to 2.0.16, which is now also pure Java.
```
